hey it was going on go by the name of
biz hey troublemaker the radio right now
life
between little D MP money for those that
don't know what the connection is from
young from school here yeah rotate
childhood I can't even remember not
knowing people is my sizes yes nemesis
unknown p1 years old with you we've been
dear music cuz all first time I met him
he sprayed merely which took me away cuz
you know when you're in school right no
one's really kind of like name brand or
a household name but within school
someone is the dawn who was the dawn out
of you to all you do it now it's okay
one just us there's a few of us okay it
was a crew thing still okay night the
fingers little critter school not a
minute into school in the whole area
yeah actually yet borrow Lucien wasn't
there wasn't an area Lucien that we
wasn't known it so from 16 years old was
you guys called oh geez or did you have
a different crew name was called rockets
the brachot that was like no way ms 16
that was that what 13 14 or 15 2015 we
was that bacon assessing select so you
changed it so like in primary school you
still have the crew name like the block
yeah its prime school and that you know
that six weeks holiday times day yeah we
just blew up a little crew yeah we pants
on that now I want to thank you d
because you were a guest not too long
ago and you put down an epic freestyle
for us it's flying on the internet at
the moment so on a thank you for that p
money I mean you've been on tour with
Chase & Status am i right in saying that
no I make man magnetic man well yeah
sorry magnetic man that's bad terrible
chaser states are gonna kill me for
magnetic man you've been on tour with
how did that go sick man you know what I
was surprised obviously I'm one of them
people that are just modest I just do
music I don't really say oh I'm well
known and whatnot yeah when I went
abroad lat that's when I realized a lot
of people do know about me yeah I mean a
lot of people will know you for being a
gram MC but you got a lot of dubstep
right now man that was that easy
transition to make or is it kind of this
the same same thing you know add to me
it's not a trend
on my first ever mixtape I had a dubstep
stream okay and on my third mixtape
there was dust attune yeah it's just
that recently yeah paying more attention
to the dubstep shoes I've always been a
gram MC I've always done dubstep you
know always when I was 17 I won't even
meant to be in forward but I was dead
Raven yeah i mean i was there raven to
dubstep so it's always but it's not
really been a transition for me but they
a lot of dubstep tunes have been getting
noticed a lot more so would you say that
you know we're going to hear more
dubstep from you because you are one of
the voices that have been embraced by
that whole culture the dubstep culture
so is that the way p money's gonna go
moving forward oh I'd say it's just for
me it's just the sound I do grandma do
dubstep I'm getting to keep doing it I
have even been thinking of like one
little a german-based kind of two morrow
hey I don't know obviously I don't know
I wouldn't exclusive are we shut down
mr. Jones paid it something I said no
mr. Jones already plated forage corn
mill park and one of the people I just
do music are grew up listening to and I
listened to dubstep Graham John and bass
that's mean um demon I mean oh geez you
like you guys put together like loads of
mixtape I'm still bumping the blue a
mixtape it's fire I mean can we expect
and something on a bigger scale like an
album from oh jeez yeah that's what
we're doing it we were trying to get
there obviously we're getting our all
our solo projects and so we can get the
power for when the OG mixtape album
comes it's just going to be a smash
every tune as a smash and it will sell
like up me not that's what we need to do
it primo needs obviously working on the
album I'm working on my album and its
first three singles so as soon as we got
all of that and everyone's got the power
and women release the OD me I want to
say I mean cook this area earlier this
is the first time we've ever interviewed
be money yeah because he tried to go an
elusive for about five years yes and we
finally got out of him and don't wanna
ask what I know this is probably old now
this is very old but we've never
interviewed you you before so when I put
out i want to say you versus gets it was
very exciting as a fan of grand I mean
what's your overall out take on on that
whole bout and
I think it was sick why should I had to
peek the face to face is that what you
really want to age yeah man yeah yeah
okay that would have been like yeah epic
crime has a time past or could that
still happen I have to ask him oh yeah
what you are getting pass for me a big
news man yeah that's just gonna be to
the two epic memory hey pay-for-view
business you're not even starting any
exciting in your opinion in your opinion
both of you that what would you say was
one of the most classic great wolf
scenarios dogs and while you remember
that time ago a big one saw or dizzy and
thich ah grazie that was reason I look
remember they told you
but you gotta do